Update Docs With Docker Image Auto Update Field (#665)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/docker.md

## Updating Docker Images
Starting with Demisto 5.0, it is possible to update the docker image of a script/integration. Demisto 4.5 and below doesn't support updating the docker image without creating a new script/integration (v2). To update the docker image for Demisto 5.0 only and still generate a 4.5 version with the original 4.5 docker image, it is possible to add an additional configuration to the script/integration yaml file with the key: `dockerimage45`. This key should contain the docker image to use by Demisto 4.5 and below. When the key is present, the content creator script will generate two unified yaml files: one for Demisto 4.5 and below and one for 5.0 and above. For an example see: [Kafka V2 Integration](https://github.com/demisto/content/blob/master/Packs/Kafka/Integrations/Kafka_V2/Kafka_V2.yml).

## Updating Docker Image Automatically

> Every docker image of demisto/python or demisto/python3 are being updated automatically from time to time when a newer tag is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every docker integration that utilizes one of the following images: 

- `demisto/python`
- `demisto/python3` 

Are being updated automatically from time to time when a newer tag is available.

```

> If you wish to have your docker image of the integration or script and your docker image is not demisto/python or demisto/python3, you can add
> the field 'autoUpdateDockerImage' to the YML field corresponding to the integration or script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your integration/script is not using one of the above images, you can still have it updated automatically by adding the `autoUpdateDockerImage`key to the YML file.
```

For example, the following will update the integration 'MyIntegration' docker image:
```yml
commonfields:
  id: MyIntegration
  version: -1
name: MyIntegration
display: MyIntegration
script:
 dockerimage: demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.16907
autoUpdateDockerImage: true
```

> If you wish to not have your docker image automatically updated, you can set the 'autoUpdateDockerImage' field to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your integration is using one of the above images and you wish to not have it automatically updated, you can set the 'autoUpdateDockerImage' field to false.
```

## Updating Docker Image Automatically
Every docker integration that utilizes one of the following images: 

- `demisto/python`
- `demisto/python3` 

Are being updated automatically from time to time when a newer tag is available.

If your integration/script is not using one of the above images, you can still have it updated automatically by adding the `autoUpdateDockerImage`key to the YML file.
For example, the following will update the integration 'MyIntegration' docker image:
```yml
commonfields:
  id: MyIntegration
  version: -1
name: MyIntegration
display: MyIntegration
script:
 dockerimage: demisto/oauthlib:1.0.0.16907
autoUpdateDockerImage: true
```

> If your integration is using one of the above images and you wish to not have it automatically updated, you can set the 'autoUpdateDockerImage' field to false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your integration/script uses one of the above images and you wish to not have it automatically updated, you can set the 'autoUpdateDockerImage' field to false.
```
